# Big Zip
## Description
Unzip this archive and find the flag. [Download zip file](https://artifacts.picoctf.net/c/505/big-zip-files.zip)
## Solution
On unzipping the zip file and look at the file structure:
```
‚ùØ ls
acurqdgqyoi.txt               folder_wdhgdgrbfc             oyhvawfuodcb.txt
aecwqhyouxkugpjtn.txt         folder_wgdcdmekky             oyhyyadlafunm.txt
agkahcbvobe.txt               folder_wrdnrcybcd             oypvhxdlutsjw.txt
agnofjntwartgjzq.txt          folder_wxadangttv             ozqcgkzoqibsbmtv.txt
ahgkzymiyyublyejnusurp.txt    folder_wxwuccjcgo             pbrianutzpe.txt
ahthcopsppjpvzeny.txt         folder_xcjkkezjhy             pcbowrabxhkhdycfdeutlv.txt
ajoqevsmiylgqrt.txt           folder_xcrvrhtzsx             pcobojcwfgb.txt
aknsvujegvtnhkgfhxbjz.txt     folder_xehkkhqjny             pgdfigcbkgw.txt
akqryeffdzubsvowkt.txt        folder_xikaalbeii             phgwknangvjwvweju.txt
akumoazjuqccgpmunktwebd.txt   folder_xmhgnljztz             phtjykaw.txt
algncokafuyytinny.txt         folder_xncqtawnlz             pidwbnzrhiya.txt
aljwwnwvl.txt                 folder_xtshijybzy             piruvhpiqgpvg.txt
alygqtrmlx.txt                folder_ykefifmclf             plhcwzkgaxubkwp.txt
anhvnshbhmhuc.txt             folder_ywdgheanll             plrvgfoxowuc.txt
anxllkjqjxgn.txt              folder_yxrogskwkf             pnjqxbzkwayxolvpge.txt
aobmsrfsyiasvrhb.txt          folder_yyocxcaojm             porfrnktxkqplbvxzl.txt
aogyvpfgcpvucx.txt            folder_zcnvekqcsp             poxdgunpbeftusbv.txt
aomeecmbutjqyfvmgxcwqd.txt    folder_zxncalkvzm             ppkaxzgvmjkkmcjru.txt
aopsdaamnq.txt                foscvapeukcj.txt              ppyxzwwuzxtgggc.txt
apdldkszcepyyzcebqusit.txt    fozjmvtltsrrnlinlvika.txt     pqotjtsrcdj.txt
aqewendyutiqeauv.txt          fqyrjgsncfofueunn.txt         prshiwdgulpwt.txt
aqnmjqdiddbku.txt             fudfsewmaafsbniiyktzr.txt     ptghloaglxagbug.txt
arwppmpuvtygpqkmwewpwba.txt   fvrapzgdkhtotqqwxntpkdg.txt   pwmjsfht.txt
ashxqpvdz.txt                 fvwfxrzdgyvljfwfogpz.txt      pxufvmubuhqaxjgytt.txt
atfrbdthndsltqvx.txt          fwuybefdoofkyrvgouwz.txt      pydlreuuhooqon.txt
atwinupqcwiv.txt              fxmywnktcrvdeqkmfe.txt        pzqwqlunpxt.txt
aunmqzfj.txt                  fyhcvbucfglxobq.txt           qatqgoew.txt
auoomtbubcogucclgmazg.txt     fyhthtqanefcqiqkwmpst.txt     qavphnhpze.txt
avkcdgqlugoag.txt             fymuoazrfsnxecsvgtzn.txt      qfpznsodzfbgbte.txt
avtwrhpn.txt                  fzkzwxylpgnoeoxtt.txt         qhcsrwkdjubcncgz.txt
awabfiwwxpod.txt              fzucrufdpuplrinccgm.txt       qighuhrapcnu.txt
awlyccwuqqjoangsxw.txt        gbdmyfpixqbrlmkzys.txt        qitzytbftwggyuamfit.txt
aymrkudnrjnufxfdj.txt         gbeflxegbqgh.txt              qjhjgoniiqrph.txt
aynxzbbqdtikfhj.txt           gctmujtpbeuowqktskbdwwc.txt   qkqypdqcnbpwbgchxurx.txt
bbvskbbw.txt                  gdejqcrteheraawufydir.txt     qlaohuqgjpdyfbznj.txt
bbymcenosdctzzxcwjxhgphs.txt  ggjvczcruzkkmftr.txt          qmjisezmkw.txt
bcbmqxfrxbtvvpjm.txt          ggpvwvhmzbhvzwcpahfzf.txt     qniqkefwtdkjxnrsik.txt
bckolbxviwaanexbk.txt         gigulxxejwckol.txt            qnlpfghezxdgmlvy.txt
bdcqkdiyxyga.txt              gkfhhpvyoajvjmdthlpo.txt      qpxalmjknomijipeqaxzo.txt
bdjdvdjixkkzmgpht.txt         gkfzsbtnuklomoeihnr.txt       qpxlajduvcbhgyioy.txt
bdvnqbuutefealgveyiqd.txt     gkqhpxxarsxwxqn.txt           qqdlfwdsqlayz.txt
befqfsqxhqznqpnmbeayfg.txt    gkwjldgxkzflahh.txt           qqznmhjnsfnihftpsvthyz.txt
bejjitzrghrj.txt              gmdzwcfh.txt                  qrvfpaupaplfzongmeztux.txt
bejsftoqucjjl.txt             gnvqxpacdymyijixhdb.txt       qskjuskeybtgic.txt
bertxubclg.txt                gqnfawhjzrstw.txt             qtkztgnqlx.txt
bfcikdexinietftdcivwdt.txt    gqoghzrxnfzxve.txt            qtupdddtqzvhdrwmeb.txt
bfgsqqnclficsolyyzrfxh.txt    gsozpsblaquyqubqzmzbvdhn.txt  qwkhudiafa.txt
bfnhuchcmrqfrxj.txt           gubhbqcbyabdpbm.txt           qxftrkqoiozcmwjomjwcbqvc.txt
bfwmpyjdwxjqlysk.txt          guhdpkchn.txt                 qzfcymdexnnnuyqeblcdn.txt
bgsbzmuefhltqczrvj.txt        guhmqinbazvgovwjxf.txt        qzhqasnjedflxgtwlifhj.txt
bipyqmjlxjlwwhlyiftmnboj.txt  gwkbakqqr.txt                 ragljzwquq.txt
bjemfvjc.txt                  gwpknueybwxg.txt              rbgkhxrktuzuedgcrjpba.txt
bjplnyxnklijbodnnll.txt       gxvdvbvlrvqpxrwlyfvhjea.txt   rdopbrwkxdcqtz.txt
bjuidjru.txt                  gzcicadxxdhdlazay.txt         reunufsxxpqf.txt
bjvilnroqr.txt                gzmlzunurqco.txt              rgxnyqfqhqyyjurcxvp.txt
bkekgiyygsid.txt              gzunuopftivut.txt             rkuxuphxufceo.txt
bkjnbdrfbomohsofd.txt         hbmvswuso.txt                 rmkwitevckieq.txt
blniknye.txt                  hcfiukmxxznnhrhujg.txt        rnfrrfdptjbkiugnvro.txt
bnfmwufgmvtkghydlxp.txt       hcigdurjdsdxppicqek.txt       rojidkzkgtgraz.txt
bnnilqory.txt                 hcshrptzbru.txt               rpwmhjfylmoukjdxodtahy.txt
broeogjeqdiokkvwxdwdk.txt     hcwfqhgxmgactlgupuvjji.txt    rsojcceyrhrufm.txt
buhbloxh.txt                  hczpmrstcfz.txt               rsrmvkrbfpxgeukobyz.txt
bvgrzwjuzbohquc.txt           heacmdencfnuswak.txt          rufgczrvlaavlcm.txt
bvlmdlymmuptx.txt             hehqscbcpnublxaybula.txt      rxabjiwplbcb.txt
bvttfjnleubndzl.txt           henbmugabzzqokxpydbsufai.txt  rxohaqrmsfjwtc.txt
bwaxsikiflvcpdguzpo.txt       hhqpobbwl.txt                 rxyhwlastxfmu.txt
bwsmsosgosajsjualveflqhz.txt  hhrqhaqqwgwgeoijgnievqt.txt   ryowcrsnrbygmemvlafonxgo.txt
bxqoorqyde.txt                hjezfeetfgpo.txt              saoqlbhzb.txt
cbcfqimyoldgjeohtyew.txt      hkpqijxokeigqxfplafskhvf.txt  sawlzumoaxbih.txt
cbmosrqdpdvxgchirit.txt       hlbummkhnqv.txt               sbqtyaixzakfy.txt
ccdcrsepy.txt                 hllhxlvvdgiii.txt             scfwnmzfsuozcuwbnenon.txt
cfbmuhozcjchsza.txt           hlwulnwujjmmoezjm.txt         scouxhgldwm.txt
cfcmiqtseghuf.txt             hmdkumdh.txt                  scpsawhhyzanqhhvg.txt
cfjscaommrjzlo.txt            hoabnwdmqxtvjidouyl.txt       sdxexozxzohj.txt
cfwdlmrdpfrgkzc.txt           hoknooruxubzdylidmxmirpx.txt  sfvauurhgtw.txt
cfyydoygh.txt                 hoqzvcxttkbxzpdiihkm.txt      shyhisfnotafnky.txt
chdwtaozaoamvzn.txt           hozkukutzpzxdkyv.txt          sipepnbn.txt
cjcgqsyylkatbh.txt            hquhlocwkeobuxpzwj.txt        sivybvtnkehpbhwwnejbw.txt
ckcuzkrygnnjuokitfdwkr.txt    hsotdrvwofionfjgulbdwun.txt   sjficysli.txt
ckmgrqhsnjgly.txt             hulepsmrgwvxuyac.txt          slojtjbfdysd.txt
ckoyacshsdymllmxmjox.txt      hurelfscaplaustaibkv.txt      sluhtjgoc.txt
cnavxkhysxxgtwixkkp.txt       hvyesmomjlilmwbk.txt          slzekiyxembkvrwjjzfwkmnm.txt
cngoexdpdgopdfba.txt          hwszdzwihufkjk.txt            smutqylynapqbrh.txt
crorzphaivxeugcapx.txt        hwyilhqczfuynxszcmhshp.txt    smytockhnqouaezwtxbxq.txt
ctbqrtfa.txt                  hyigflomcweq.txt              snkwhnfbmmeljmhea.txt
cunczngzjlhzorkzhinhiddf.txt  hylbekyrhmdnfzpbffz.txt       snqnlfaufzgdph.txt
cycwchqacxqshtfrpxw.txt       iadfbuucsuh.txt               soykgsdkbbeoatuvb.txt
cyhmcpvueadspy.txt            iaigmrupwabdslyfnae.txt       spviepnlpopjvwvlweuagy.txt
cylgtnrok.txt                 idvvniidkwcpwuavzgvqfn.txt    ssmwjuiub.txt
cyoorobnbzpjgiutggox.txt      ifvfczvcjyuesxiltlzyvzcw.txt  suawuatubrfzbkl.txt
czgadgwqbisysqolnn.txt        igikhevnxqkczkbpkz.txt        sujbuvpsfh.txt
czqjyvxnry.txt                igqecbsf.txt                  suroxbcbfjrwdchqls.txt
damllrzkxauusqwqw.txt         igxzpywy.txt                  suxljebfmjnv.txt
danhrkiehvgtav.txt            ihdqlnnfpedd.txt              swgpdjpocr.txt
dcputpcuavkxbufroeyktp.txt    ihuiuiltlas.txt               syiznwaqmxjeltnzrtvhfl.txt
dcuimzxepc.txt                ikcgeram.txt                  szcbxardrjyvtnyzn.txt
dfnvxzxlco.txt                ikurqussssfhpfcbw.txt         szhmvimlfn.txt
dibrrpeagiytqfa.txt           ilmgqurbzs.txt                taxogizsavngyqco.txt
dicfnmcgqloxhpobcsi.txt       inczjboudkdqwjltstjbi.txt     tcekkbmo.txt
djihzsch.txt                  inhhxzpctl.txt                tfpqclzsf.txt
dkiebxuflzvaboocebgf.txt      iqjjivkwlgsiqj.txt            tgkvwlavybixabithy.txt
dkwntxxlfcd.txt               iserhlwdhhc.txt               tlyyzuweiotaotmzznn.txt
dlrhppgcmrcvgzfxyk.txt        itkmaptvdhmabicd.txt          tmtekkrhdjseefxugjfy.txt
dncsrgjjsicxyyotwi.txt        itttrfbeajzjmgufqwueip.txt    tnnqytiydjkeofzrgdxthtu.txt
dozkutuztpltjxzbewbndcp.txt   iulkpjkvdjmgnechkpg.txt       tnxwqvnsdfwp.txt
dpdzsjomwjnksklqumyub.txt     iwbtrxdiufdapybozsl.txt       tnygdafzyr.txt
dphjloeymftmk.txt             iwhnbrelcihfsnlailg.txt       tqasbpvyjs.txt
dqgssvhbn.txt                 iwqsvthweriaeryzlsulavq.txt   trkmqvbvtqnlxm.txt
drdvufgoqustbrxagsuz.txt      ixnjdvrtxbjqokbklmksqm.txt    ttbvtrsgl.txt
dsksriurno.txt                iynjmlifzqlnf.txt             twckbwwhhpygafpv.txt
dsrkerhwvinzzdbnpfqt.txt      iyqhdruthzvgf.txt             twmrrusiqrzpgm.txt
dswzrguxkyaqvgqzevudu.txt     izktphvzmx.txt                txfgqnphofpo.txt
dwwfftgci.txt                 jfhfsilzxewqxooqpius.txt      txfhoypzpz.txt
dzhwmfpxdcfjhhhaz.txt         jflgpeyjfsnzmomlokdut.txt     txtahhgfzib.txt
dzlutzlxxuizv.txt             jhohfyuhp.txt                 tzivpxzkrpun.txt
dzvepguhreczbpilfplck.txt     jhutpvthg.txt                 ubcrgcwryxqt.txt
ebrdglksmojnv.txt             jkmaaypzg.txt                 ubtcdqfaaqglwugouehfjyo.txt
ebszqfblrykygbr.txt           jkpohoxp.txt                  udwmyvjwnzljb.txt
eexgjdrflkkyksavwwvel.txt     jkshtszwkbvw.txt              uejxiiqealpqmmunofjgcl.txt
efdbvzcooaz.txt               jktgoqaioszlmjlt.txt          ugnbaaznfllmocsnhftbcpw.txt
efitephgxcoxdzjrykuztrv.txt   jmldtllmiobmxwxcxsatpbr.txt   uhovkokybcizvlbzgzvyngjg.txt
efnlbnbxsbgsrj.txt            jowjtidhtqncswpx.txt          uimgkfjlmbdmjoyeoe.txt
efnppbodonaucxpzeqyzltmh.txt  jppbdlyppdicnjfhqqplaq.txt    ukftcegwwlbuvaqxflpxt.txt
egstuchiccgvzboexf.txt        jpvaawkrpno.txt               ulwyjnmxenuyyoyrqasc.txt
ehfmnwnhmkulm.txt             jrdzivoqwdmt.txt              ulztgogf.txt
ehqpnpuyuhtwkkutbtsoa.txt     jvuiuibk.txt                  umcndevrkoatueif.txt
ejgufqbfexeyljvbzvhvti.txt    jvutlpnevmtboneswt.txt        umsjksiqphtdkdddydujzl.txt
ejmvnoftbepuhjztrpm.txt       jwdwrzfxwmdu.txt              umxyzvbz.txt
elddhxaxfhxpmyjzlqo.txt       jwhddpxrgckcchaeqsbclf.txt    uqjhptjazwevtfqafvu.txt
elssflgvbvs.txt               jxoqjwwage.txt                ureanadwankljtbpocp.txt
eqnqtryakfltmss.txt           jxphwcnirjanihihymjyotnz.txt  utrkamzhdhpuackij.txt
erijtocgacvjtlxhbbiir.txt     jymvxvmlxwnojaynyuzamnj.txt   uvinhafvwaldnoxsgz.txt
ertonbhir.txt                 jzbmhbzsoqmhfxnyj.txt         uvofvqukcuxmlotxoqussduf.txt
esxecvjtwjwxmqfbp.txt         jzuufffekpzrdshaibfdsfu.txt   uvwgibrtjpqa.txt
etcvtetu.txt                  kbigbmtuanrxj.txt             uvyjfdislejpn.txt
evwutbxqeobob.txt             kdcygrtjixqlqnn.txt           uwfsfmosmfezhqfeq.txt
evzilhgdzejdhkb.txt           kdtzhmumpbdcr.txt             uxredxjgfxeurzewa.txt
exbqrossxasnolqqis.txt        kgbmufixh.txt                 uynkcgxxxluchbxadr.txt
exhasiunmh.txt                kgpolzqkdbavyrvm.txt          uzzrpnwcaceghqhxqjz.txt
exkfabudqlnajxxhtbfvo.txt     kgupjbjaa.txt                 vayqcbxtisxxzg.txt
exnwydaigvhqhqfhup.txt        kgyovjhklqabaiiqzklp.txt      vdnjwfmgmhiagflvedwmrk.txt
ezrlmsslmqk.txt               kluznzqjbjepvgcfk.txt         veizfqtosbxqzgc.txt
faquzzjfy.txt                 kmlrkidnutaaggcfeicg.txt      veudvsrupby.txt
fckioqjkgepfxhhtphmi.txt      knesokyylaazfltheeavxwv.txt   veztswiqivylkwqsmxyd.txt
fczbrkixpjtglgca.txt          knylvfpaaiucxiwpt.txt         vjlibysujuvorpddlcu.txt
fepizmlqjvtluvtrfh.txt        koknpgnzbklskbqnpcsqgf.txt    vjlsigcmfcisph.txt
fetwkniezgwgpuajm.txt         kpszqscdipfflxwxfcczn.txt     vlbwpmlwctvxwjwdmlwq.txt
ffnbavadpviycklwm.txt         kqjgxygvxwsp.txt              vmcscwvsvvpcbzp.txt
fjhjeirqxaot.txt              kqyrqqloqkrh.txt              vpepzgfoyasata.txt
fmbalrgl.txt                  kwnzohtzewlqujptaybq.txt      vsfkuawutriobuwwy.txt
fnldujyoiwermulsc.txt         kwpyxkrrmuz.txt               vvcosswcazsiosvddss.txt
fojogykho.txt                 kyxoixiivxesjgywr.txt         vvsfixcfpuvbrd.txt
folder_ahihjtwxyx             kzfxmoonx.txt                 vvsldkyvnshpgosv.txt
folder_akztidphyx             labweacjjcleidjgscyaeaoy.txt  vxlkusqrjhjs.txt
folder_amtldjqhik             ladtlepqyxiyqfgyvwp.txt       vzrhsvjknnfbvnzmjbpciuak.txt
folder_audzaobcpu             lagucpalrlsmsdkoxlkns.txt     wafgtynhxbkjxnss.txt
folder_avwsspjtpl             lakibsjsvindcsk.txt           wawmxytelorkvhfiowdenj.txt
folder_aziwuihrzs             lcvbkbfdrgakwjxguw.txt        wbmqkutyigfrh.txt
folder_bacjodqcbi             lhirneytcbvupaowpp.txt        wccymzfvediiuimha.txt
folder_bbgetrgzkq             lhzrwpfuftfsdx.txt            wgxqmvdqldjpxne.txt
folder_bhqrhqawuy             lioabyvs.txt                  whstzlejwosej.txt
folder_bkowexixjw             lmexkvjieicmhbjmaf.txt        wiymtotartocyf.txt
folder_blruwfommb             lmkcegutdbgahloqyiej.txt      wjldtrtkfv.txt
folder_blsoptsoyw             lnratoibanshvoimywqgvbr.txt   wjpicjnlmorqwesy.txt
folder_bonhiouupd             loylojqjmvtkoxetujlbp.txt     wkabzdzslozwnoactzrt.txt
folder_bsaimdjweb             loznrwjjvgaoxzethfony.txt     wllvhbozoigtjcqgse.txt
folder_cbuspegnaj             lpewtpkurdmcivfpw.txt         wlpqpvlsh.txt
folder_chrijeenfm             lpfcpqdncbbonzhytflqx.txt     wovwbzmuldziqzzttp.txt
folder_cltnqdophu             lrsxwxel.txt                  wrsfdluutbxeagwszquvd.txt
folder_clvucdqgyl             ltmvvgvcw.txt                 wrvgtmdoistuobghvi.txt
folder_cqwqkwgnco             lugfmhbugaurpyetqnnvibn.txt   wsqjxtoti.txt
folder_cvjxzintzk             luvmwxfyjxcjn.txt             wssrptjnzzeeoh.txt
folder_cvzmvludrs             luzzwsphatdbxw.txt            wuxsvbflq.txt
folder_dmjlvgcwtc             lwhwbzyuf.txt                 wwnonytbdwftixpfwy.txt
folder_dmttswkani             lwkpjdkdhut.txt               wwzxglifrpkoabsdfg.txt
folder_dutlqpbtbe             lwqqokpbncexepn.txt           wyrsaruizpmvcrttfwjguawl.txt
folder_edjlqfyqrh             lxoueirqluunsisptz.txt        xagvumrwiepkglppclc.txt
folder_ejsmvhdnkh             lynhdakni.txt                 xcguovwoachzi.txt
folder_eqpflnlidb             lztpmeovkyegaumydnq.txt       xdhwafkszvwllrojcqio.txt
folder_etsqcjcxom             mawkekrqhvvwlzswxsn.txt       xdwdwowerwpetvaoure.txt
folder_faecmxlvnp             mazytbifqdmpflxecqaul.txt     xhppilwlshyhuwtx.txt
folder_fcfaqewzkv             mcjgpzyfqkjkgcqxunw.txt       xjszwxsrl.txt
folder_fevpxssxat             mdaoqswueetfvavpzevzdw.txt    xkbkevnipvewpyrnv.txt
folder_fngjmsugng             mdapxsgbre.txt                xkjkiuogdldj.txt
folder_fogosbxway             mkpjzioedctmolj.txt           xkugsaplesryeprilahbvd.txt
folder_fqmjtuthge             mktyhgmedcj.txt               xnogetim.txt
folder_fzvuudytnf             mkyhrzdcmsnwqdmpuqftz.txt     xolsrazt.txt
folder_geompbqzxd             mlbsobewwehpoilqccqq.txt      xqmiicncyvfoxcxb.txt
folder_gfdesdtwcu             mlowsathkwra.txt              xroawpwniqdoub.txt
folder_gmxxziwjqx             mnffkxcceikkzqfebh.txt        xskupixdxqvmnalpkjvzb.txt
folder_guneyklias             mnwbicbqadbbegu.txt           xtgbwnrpwqwdze.txt
folder_gyemxikwvn             mpurnvnohzhutjfmiu.txt        xtjbciepqpixsidxgahsram.txt
folder_hjqtcpwxby             msmolavdvnzt.txt              xtjhjufr.txt
folder_hxarnwdtrd             muejxoonumiwhmek.txt          xtnkikiuijqidjx.txt
folder_hypzuqhumd             musfdvthnijxnbspt.txt         xtplbemvlgifjomjqqto.txt
folder_icmzigkcnw             mutkumdxww.txt                xujhonkbpyzxxaqiwfclqp.txt
folder_imhdldifac             mwmyugpjpvhesgjd.txt          xvnovymxtyiosuwgoinxqhf.txt
folder_izrnblgxjd             mxnbugmfsuwdeo.txt            xvwxjvbrjspvwwphvmcn.txt
folder_jrcpayixfu             mxnenstayuxpupziqjlpfdo.txt   xwggtizpjvdutejhc.txt
folder_jwybtbdcvu             myjdwgkvo.txt                 xwpyjxuwmzwwgkefxt.txt
folder_knqqchrayk             myllpxocxggltjitnkyc.txt      xyjjhhswcepbzksyzrd.txt
folder_kvinourcjb             nabxbvqxwlptb.txt             xzkawplgtvtm.txt
folder_lqwdjskvcs             nbdrisadyqmbapbdapf.txt       ybgdtrgpuhpot.txt
folder_lwggmaaooc             nbnmjtavrdtrkyyronbirqk.txt   ybvknjiztvgotqcpgnccpbqg.txt
folder_lzhkhnuylz             ndahzeirpzyrjrrrlo.txt        ydpcvqoysguoxhnmlodk.txt
folder_mroxaffqrr             ndrjliqu.txt                  yeptrvckrhuwfimgeytzqg.txt
folder_mtnccujynf             negcjkqxc.txt                 yeqghejqrzpxprde.txt
folder_muyarpxlsi             nerygxvybsmlxg.txt            yfzfozrd.txt
folder_mwvgvimhdc             nfahnxwtdgesfaog.txt          yhnajnvvgoqntnzmdp.txt
folder_njbcrjkdoi             nfdkjrqglezwylcglcrqhytf.txt  yivlxdqpctyfuxoog.txt
folder_nkaoakqizc             nftmxkynxgcokemtmsrkvpj.txt   yjxxuzromduzjzgqvoios.txt
folder_nkcavztkwb             niltnyuyyoiybvwke.txt         ykbjwetkjmwskjkfprjpny.txt
folder_nqbpooukfd             nlaglqpeemkyxtnadztngnys.txt  ykizimmgjph.txt
folder_nscwbcvogl             nminpgfxsvzoc.txt             ykuwswsgcgbyecoym.txt
folder_ntjgibnjmx             nnjxmsexpcj.txt               ymmikrfjzcucd.txt
folder_nwspazpqqd             nplrvqikgrndvtzwfv.txt        yokqofrepnycbbnlaxpmhdiy.txt
folder_oetovspdce             nqdokgbicrkkf.txt             ypsjrrcrsp.txt
folder_ofovjtgpwa             nrwufccyznzbmdjkwde.txt       yrklfegpxx.txt
folder_oujhxaidup             nsisvfypckrydbal.txt          ysxdtfvylvafhpebl.txt
folder_ovlozxgwts             nudrvwvzlcipmebuqkscfznb.txt  ywfgtfbiyxzwscjlxxhdbf.txt
folder_ovvezqltve             nvccqmzzmznnmq.txt            ywyjjpgjnkjrkymdxvjgxfiw.txt
folder_oytxufxiii             nvixklboaujqqdzhvlvm.txt      yxnxilkirf.txt
folder_pmbymkjcya             nvppzzhdqjlffsqqyx.txt        yxqxofysf.txt
folder_psxdzgflqc             nvsghmstomql.txt              yzjvgnssdyyujvhvaxthd.txt
folder_ptzamcbltj             nwfwmqyzujbofaqrlcgkau.txt    yzsurahwnmr.txt
folder_qhscwikodv             nwnxoxtlidzwcwcuubju.txt      yzunapnldzhvskbxkbetuwjf.txt
folder_qitlpxqeli             nxtyfwwnnifcisepihw.txt       zalcbnapsal.txt
folder_qsvuebxszi             oafxnlzsdeph.txt              zaqoczdgeeduycqhtinlaptr.txt
folder_qtpzzufiif             oanhzoiauztbij.txt            zaxqjrlw.txt
folder_qxwkxseuqs             obkldvnhir.txt                zdjsuwup.txt
folder_radrvnnasd             ocdgtzdftcaenemwv.txt         zdvkklehmcwljjizb.txt
folder_rasawtmevb             ocftbzwpjvjunentuho.txt       zejlkhxylqstwtrkock.txt
folder_rjbcmioctq             oepziofjzvxzf.txt             zexajhkalbigxydnegmzaz.txt
folder_rjvnlxyofr             ogfjjioyc.txt                 zfdujontmug.txt
folder_rzmrqygplj             ogmkhuwrbzaoxhgt.txt          zfdzvfjcfaqqmwfawtfwxg.txt
folder_sbvaeypacm             ohbrugkrqdzrc.txt             zgwdgfktaruzasuun.txt
folder_sowfjtixdy             ohnfmgfslnyniqkfelxywvqv.txt  ziarsquftijkcbcfkvl.txt
folder_sxabgsqxvb             oiquvgpgsietbcn.txt           zijpomdywluzfvkixoy.txt
folder_tbhshnnhwd             okyinrlby.txt                 zjqsvepywrefjbunrwzcvmhg.txt
folder_tdhydyuvdy             oliiqtgwyapghbbqrejdsy.txt    zlyclubd.txt
folder_tjrjqqmiku             olukbfmlzimwdy.txt            zpwhzznuovqfzcwttv.txt
folder_trxwljhoxs             opkxmpzjvfv.txt               zrfurhhoyjcdsla.txt
folder_tsqkkiiovy             oqojqevzmm.txt                zronbelkoxftmbreck.txt
folder_twuizabyzr             ordiqeyhqhterhpgr.txt         zrrrgadwwdexaqpasphaj.txt
folder_upmnuvdruy             orpqklok.txt                  zsdajnkcqouuqvcusbvagmgn.txt
folder_uqzuntjyvm             osgowakqhnojyxenxigpd.txt     ztstkhhbmzontbptaplq.txt
folder_usagrfaixh             otfmczvihptqh.txt             zuixpsxihgeopxrednsvkp.txt
folder_uxvqunebny             otgjjdbhookj.txt              zumldfehnvcmgmcemwavg.txt
folder_vikrydtvwa             othqbrdcucqydfbrfbfnwvg.txt   zuqlzqjgwdpsgddkvkfnnm.txt
folder_vkbphysfda             oujpltnclskf.txt              zvtuofpgroy.txt
folder_vlsainekkd             owjmbhlx.txt                  zvzfrtmrwigbrisbkdpmud.txt
folder_vpveoiyibn             owynsggv.txt                  zwzompvirggxfwhlri.txt
folder_vutirmgutz             oxbcyjsy.txt                  zycxiljatekrtoejqflozui.txt
```
There are mutltiple files involved in so we must use grep to get to the file:
```                                                                          
‚ùØ grep -R "pico" *
folder_pmbymkjcya/folder_cawigcwvgv/folder_ltdayfmktr/folder_fnpfclfyee/whzxrpivpqld.txt:information on the record will last a billion years. Genes and brains and books encode picoCTF{gr3p_15_m4g1c_ef8790dc}
```
The -R is used to recursively look at all the files and folders for the word 'pico'.
So, the flag is:``picoCTF{gr3p_15_m4g1c_ef8790dc}``
                                                                                                  

                     
